docs: PD-5258 add new endpoint documentation for adding a sso user (#69)
cloudconformity/documentation-api: Users.md

- [Get The Current User](#get-the-current-user)
- [Get User Details](#get-user-details)

> - [Add user](#Adding-a-SSO-User)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Add user](#Adding-an-SSO-User)
```

}
```

> ## Adding a SSO User 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Adding an SSO User 
```

> This endpoint is available only for organisations with an external identity provider setup

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This endpoint is only available for organisations with an external identity provider setup
```

Only ADMINS from an external identity provider can use this endpoint to add new sso users to their organisation.

##### Endpoints:

`POST /users/sso`

##### Parameters

- `data`: A JSON object containing the following properties

>   - `attributes`: Object containing user attributes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - `attributes`: Object containing user attributes
```

    - `firstName`: first name of the user, which must be a string
    - `lastName`: last name of the user, which must be a string
    - `email`: email of the user which must be a string
    - `role`: The role which the user is assigned to { ADMIN | USER }

>     - `accessList`: **(optional field when for a USER role, not required for ADMIN role)** An array of objects containing access level for an account:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - `accessList`: **(optional field for the USER role, not required for the ADMIN role)** An array of objects containing access level for an account:
```

      - `account`: The account id within the organisation, which must be a string
      - `level`: The level of access the user has to the account { NONE | READONLY | FULL }, which must be a string

Please note only accounts (listed inside the `accessList`) in the request will get updated, existing account permissions are retained.

> If a new user is added with the role of `USER` and an `accessList` is not provided, the users level permission for all accounts will default to `NONE`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a new user is added with the role of `USER` and an `accessList` is not provided, the users level permission for all accounts will default to `NONE`.
```

If a user is added back into the organisation with the role of `USER`, the user will maintain the old account level permissions, unless an `accessList` is provided to update the permission.

> Example Request for admin a user as an ADMIN:

Reviewer: Can this be reworded?

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Example Request for a user with an ADMIN role:
```

```
curl -H "Content-Type: application/vnd.api+json" \

> -H "Authorization: ApiKey S1YnrbQuWagQS0MvbSchNHDO73XHqdAqH52RxEPGAggOYiXTxrwPfmiTNqQkTq3p" \

Reviewer: I assume the `ApiKey` is mocked?

Author: yep

-d
'{
    "data": {
        "attributes": {
            "firstName": "sso",
            "lastName": "user",
            "role": "ADMIN",
            "email": "sso_user@cloudconformity.com"
        }
    }
}'
\
https://us-west-2-api.cloudconformity.com/v1/users/sso
```

Example Response:

```
{
    "data": {
        "type": "users",
        "id": "abcdefg",
        "attributes": {
            "first-name": "sso",
            "last-name": "user",
            "role": "ADMIN",
            "email": "sso_user@cloudconformity.com",
            "status": "ACTIVE",
            "last-login-date": null,
            "created-date": 1575943588002,
            "has-credentials": false
        },
        "relationships": {
            "organisation": {
                "data": {
                    "type": "organisations",
                    "id": "hijklmnop"
                }
            }
        }
    }
}
```

Example request for adding a user with custom permissions:

```
curl -H "Content-Type: application/vnd.api+json" \

> -H "Authorization: ApiKey S1YnrbQuWagQS0MvbSchNHDO73XHqdAqH52RxEPGAggOYiXTxrwPfmiTNqQkTq3p" \

Reviewer: Same with this `ApiKey`?

-d
'{
    "data": {
        "attributes": {
            "firstName": "sso",
            "lastName": "user",
            "role": "USER",
            "email": "sso_user@cloudconformity.com",
            "accessList": [
                {

>                     "account": "A9_DsY12z",

Reviewer: Is this account Id mocked?

Author: yep

                    "level": "FULL"
                },
                {
                    "account": "BqdYgfas",
                    "level": "NONE"
                },
                {

>                     "account": "kPiASD21",

Reviewer: Same with these
